[DOCS-6680] Add keyword dictionary and priority level (#20991)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/sensitive_data_scanner.md

The Scanning Rule Library contains an evergrowing collection of predefined rules maintained by Datadog for detecting common patterns such as email addresses, credit card numbers, API keys, authorization tokens, and more.
{{< img src="sensitive_data_scanner/sds-library-28-03-23.png" alt="Scanning Rule Library" style="width:90%;">}}

#### Custom Scanning Rules

- Define custom scanning rules to scan for sensitive data specific to your business.
- **Define match conditions:** Specify the regex pattern to be used for matching against events. Test with sample data to verify that your regex pattern is valid.
  - Sensitive Data Scanner supports Perl Compatible RegEx (PCRE), but the following patterns are not supported:
    - Backreferences and capturing sub-expressions (lookarounds)
    - Arbitrary zero-width assertions
    - Subroutine references and recursive patterns
    - Conditional patterns
    - Backtracking control verbs
    - The \C "single-byte" directive (which breaks UTF-8 sequences)
    - The \R newline match
    - The \K start of match reset directive
    - Callouts and embedded code
    - Atomic grouping and possessive quantifiers
   
#### Define rule target and action

> - **Create keyword dictionary**: Add keywords to tune detection accuracy when matching regex conditions. For example, if you are scanning for a sixteen-digit Visa credit card number, you can add keywords like `visa`, `credit`, and `card` and require that these keywords must be within a specified number of characters of a match. By default, keywords must be within 30 characters before a matched value.

Reviewer: > By default, keywords must be within 30 characters before a matched value.

I'm not totally sure what that means, is that something a user would be expected to understand here?

> - **Create keyword dictionary**: Add keywords to tune detection accuracy when matching regex conditions. For example, if you are scanning for a sixteen-digit Visa credit card number, you can add keywords like `visa`, `credit`, and `card` and require that these keywords must be within a specified number of characters of a match. By default, keywords must be within 30 characters before a matched value.

Author: Thanks @buraizu! Yes, I think the user would understand... it's also in the UI: https://a.cl.ly/yAuBXNA9

- **Define scope:** Specify whether you want to scan the entire event or just specific attributes. You can also choose to exclude specific attributes from the scan.
- **Process matching values:** Optionally, specify whether you want to redact, partially redact, or hash matching values. When redacting, specify placeholder text to replace the matching values with. When partially redacting, specify the position (start/end) and length (# of characters) to redact within matching values. Redaction, partial redaction, and hashing are all irreversible actions.
- **Add tags:** Specify the tags you want to associate with events where the values match the specified regex pattern. Datadog recommends using `sensitive_data` and `sensitive_data_category` tags. These tags can then be used in searches, dashboards, and monitors.

> - **Set priority level**: Set the priority level for a rule based on your business needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Set priority level:** Set the priority level for a rule based on your business needs.
```

  - For Terraform, see the [datadog_sensitive_data_scanner_group][3] resource.
- **Define Scanning Rules:** A scanning rule determines what sensitive information to match within the data. Within a scanning group, add predefined scanning rules from Datadog's Scanning Rule Library or create your own rules from scratch to scan using custom regex patterns.
  - For Terraform, see the [datadog_sensitive_data_scanner_rule][4] resource.

> - **Create keyword dictionary**: Add keywords to provide additional context when matching regex conditions. For example, if you are scanning for a nine-digit credit card number, you can add keywords like `account number`, `bank card`, and `cc #` to refine the match.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Create keyword dictionary**: Add keywords to provide additional context when matching regex conditions. For example, if you are scanning for a nine-digit Visa credit card number, you can add keywords like `visa`, `credit`, and `card` to refine the match.
```

### Custom Scanning Rules

- **Define match conditions:** Specify the regex pattern to be used for matching against events. Test with sample data to verify that your regex pattern is valid.
  - Sensitive Data Scanner supports Perl Compatible RegEx (PCRE), but the following patterns are not supported:
    - Backreferences and capturing sub-expressions (lookarounds)
    - Arbitrary zero-width assertions
    - Subroutine references and recursive patterns
    - Conditional patterns
    - Backtracking control verbs
    - The \C "single-byte" directive (which breaks UTF-8 sequences)
    - The \R newline match
    - The \K start of match reset directive
    - Callouts and embedded code
    - Atomic grouping and possessive quantifiers
- **Define scope:** Specify whether you want to scan the entire event or just specific attributes. You can also choose to exclude specific attributes from the scan.

> - **Create keyword dictionary**: Add keywords to provide additional context when matching regex conditions. For example, if you are scanning for a nine-digit credit card number, you can add keywords like `account number`, `bank card`, and `cc #` to refine the match.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Create keyword dictionary**: Add keywords to provide additional context when matching regex conditions. For example, if you are scanning for a nine-digit Visa credit card number, you can add keywords like `visa`, `credit`, and `card` to refine the match.
```
